app-interact/lab: Add oneko as alternative to xeyes #142 (#288)
open-education-hub/operating-systems: content/chapters/app-interact/lab/content/arena.md

# Arena

## Oneko

An alternative to `xeyes` which allows us to observe Unix sockets is `oneko`.
Going through the same steps we see that the application also create a Unix socket, then connects to the path `@"/tmp/.X11-unix/X0"`.

```console
student@os:~$ strace -e trace=socket,connect oneko
socket(AF_UNIX, SOCK_STREAM|SOCK_CLOEXEC, 0) = 3
connect(3, {sa_family=AF_UNIX, sun_path=@"/tmp/.X11-unix/X1"}, 20) = 0
--- SIGALRM {si_signo=SIGALRM, si_code=SI_KERNEL} ---
```

> When running `oneko`, what we will see different from `xeyes` is the `SIGALRM` signal.
> This means tha `oneko` uses a timer, which was set and then expired.
> 
> It is easy to confirm the communication between the X server and `oneko`.
> We see that the cat follows our mouse cursor, behaving similar to `xeyes`.
> After running `oneko` under `strace`, we see communication on the Unix socket that is created at the beginning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running `oneko`, what differs from `xeyes` is the `SIGALRM` signal.
This means that `oneko` uses a timer, which is periodically set, and then it expires only to be reset again.

Verifying the communication between the X server and `oneko` is easy.
We see that the cat follows our mouse cursor, behaving similarly to `xeyes`.
After running `oneko` under `strace`, we see the communication uses the UNIX socket created at the beginning:
```
